Welcome, gentlemen, to Aperture Science. Astronauts, war heroes, 
Olympians--you're here because we want the best, and you are it. So: Who is 
ready to make some science?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
[laugh]
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Now, you already met one another on the limo ride over, so let me introduce 
myself.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
I'm Cave Johnson. I own the place.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
That eager voice you heard is the lovely Caroline, my assistant. Rest assured, 
she has transferred your honorarium to the charitable organization of your 
choice. Isn't that right, Caroline?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
She's the backbone of this facility. Pretty as a postcard, too. Sorry, fellas. 
She's married. To science.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
There's a thousand tests performed every day here in our enrichment spheres. I 
can't personally oversee every one of them, so these pre-recorded messages'll 
cover any questions you might have, and respond to any incidents that may occur 
in the course of your science adventure.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Your test assignment will vary, depending on the manner in which you have bent 
the world to your will.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Those of you helping us test the repulsion gel today, just follow the blue line 
on the floor.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Those of you who volunteered to be injected with praying mantis DNA, I've got 
some good news and some bad news.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Bad news is we're postponing those tests indefinitely. Good news is we've got a 
much better test for you: Fighting an army of mantis men. Pick up a rifle and 
follow the yellow line. You'll know when the test starts.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
They say great science is built on the shoulders of giants. Not here. At 
Aperture, we do all our science from scratch. No hand holding.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Alright, let's get started. This first test involves something the lab boys 
call 'repulsion gel.'
		-- Cave Johnson
%
You're not part of the control group, by the way. You get the gel. Last poor 
son of a gun got blue paint. Hahaha. All joking aside, that did happen - broke 
every bone in his legs. Tragic. But informative. Or so I'm told.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
The lab boys just informed me that I should not have mentioned the control 
group. They're telling me I oughtta stop making these pre-recorded messages. 
That gave me an idea: Make more pre-recorded messages. I pay the bills here, I 
can talk about the control group all damn day.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Oh, in case you got covered in that repulsion gel, here's some advice the lab 
boys gave me: DO NOT get covered in the repulsion gel.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
We haven't entirely nailed down what element it is yet, but I'll tell you this: 
It's a lively one, and it does NOT like the human skeleton.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Ha! I like your style. You make up your own rules, just like me.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Bean counters said I couldn't fire a man just for being in a wheelchair. Did it 
anyway. Ramps are expensive.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
I'm telling 'em, keep your pants on.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Alright, this next test may involve trace amounts of time travel. So, word of 
advice: If you meet yourself on the testing track, don't make eye contact. Lab 
boys tell me that'll wipe out time. Entirely. Forward and backward! So do both 
of yourselves a favor and just let that handsome devil go about his business.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
If you're hearing this, it means you're taking a long time on the catwalks 
between tests. The lab boys say that might be a fear reaction.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
I'm no psychiatrist, but coming from a bunch of eggheads who wouldn't recognize 
the thrill of danger if it walked up and snapped their little pink bras, that 
sounds like 'projection'.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
THEY didn't fly into space, storm a beach, or bring back the gold. No sir, we 
did! It's you and me against the world, son! I like your grit! Hustle could use 
some work, though. Now let's solve this thing!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Science isn't about WHY. It's about WHY NOT. Why is so much of our science 
dangerous? Why not marry safe science if you love it so much. In fact, why not 
invent a special safety door that won't hit you on the butt on the way out, 
because you are fired.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Not you, test subject, you're doing fine.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Yes, you. Box. Your stuff. Out the front door. Parking lot. Car. Goodbye.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Congratulations! The simple fact that you're standing here listening to me 
means you've made a glorious contribution to science.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
As founder and CEO of Aperture Science, I thank you for your participation and 
hope we can count on you for another round of tests.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
We're not gonna release this stuff into the wild until it's good and damn 
ready, so as long as you keep yourself in top physical form, there'll always be 
a limo waiting for you.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Say goodbye, Caroline.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
She is a gem.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Greetings, friend. I'm Cave Johnson, CEO of Aperture Science - you might know 
us as a vital participant in the 1968 Senate Hearings on missing astronauts. 
And you've most likely used one of the many products we invented. But that 
other people have somehow managed to steal from us. Black Mesa can eat my 
bankrupt--
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Right. Now, you might be asking yourself, 'Cave, just how difficult are these 
tests? What was in that phone book of a contract I signed? Am I in danger?'
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Let me answer those questions with a question: Who wants to make sixty dollars? 
Cash.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
You can also feel free to relax for up to 20 minutes in the waiting room, which 
is a damn sight more comfortable than the park benches most of you were 
sleeping on when we found you.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
So. Welcome to Aperture. You're here because we want the best, and you're it. 
Nope. Couldn't keep a straight face.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Anyway, don't smudge up the glass down there. In fact, why don't you just go 
ahead and not touch anything unless it's test related.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
The testing area's just up ahead. The quicker you get through, the quicker 
you'll get your sixty bucks.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Caroline, are the compensation vouchers ready?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Great job, astronaut, war hero, and/or Olympian! With your help, we're gonna 
(tape sped up) change the world!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
This on? [thump thump] Hey. Listen up down there. That thing's called an 
elevator. Not a bathroom.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
If you're interested in an additional sixty dollars, flag down a test associate 
and let 'em know. You could walk out of here with a hundred and twenty weighing 
down your bindle if you let us take you apart, put some science stuff in you, 
then put you back together good as new.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
In case you're interested, there's still some positions available for that 
bonus opportunity I mentioned earlier. Again: All you gotta do is let us 
disassemble you. We're not banging rocks together here. We know how to put a 
man back together.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
So that's a complete reassembly. New vitals. Spit-shine on the old ones. Plus 
we're scooping out tumors. Frankly, you oughtta be paying us.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Thank you - I can't believe I'm thanking these people - for staggering your way 
through Aperture Science's propulsion gel testing. You've made some real 
contributions to society for a change, and for that, humanity is grateful.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
If you had any belongings, please pick them up now. We don't want old 
newspapers and sticks cluttering up the building.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
For many of you, I realize 60 dollars is an unprecedented windfall, so don't go 
spending it all on... I don't know. Caroline, what do these people buy? 
Tattered hats? Beard dirt?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Welcome to the enrichment center. [cough]
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Since making test participation mandatory for all employees, the quality of our 
test subjects has risen dramatically. Employee retention, however, has not.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
[cough] As a result, you may have heard we're gonna phase out human testing. 
There's still a few things left to wrap up, though.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
The bean counters told me we literally could not afford to buy seven dollars 
worth of moon rocks, much less seventy million. Bought 'em anyway. Ground 'em 
up, mixed em into a gel.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
And guess what? Ground up moon rocks are pure poison. I am deathly ill.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Still, it turns out they're a great portal conductor. So now we're gonna see if 
jumping in and out of these new portals can somehow leech the lunar poison out 
of a man's bloodstream. When life gives you lemons, make lemonade. [coughs] 
Let's all stay positive and do some science.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
That said, I would really appreciate it if you could test as fast as possible. 
Caroline, please bring me more pain pills.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
All right, I've been thinking. When life gives you lemons? Don't make lemonade. 
Make life take the lemons back! Get mad! 'I don't want your damn lemons! What 
am I supposed to do with these?'
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Demand to see life's manager! Make life rue the day it thought it could give 
Cave Johnson lemons! Do you know who I am? I'm the man who's going to burn your 
house down! With the lemons! I'm going to get my engineers to invent a 
combustible lemon that burns your house down! [cough]
		-- Cave Johnson
%
The point is: If we can store music on a compact disc, why can't we store a 
man's intelligence and personality on one? So I have the engineers figuring 
that out now.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Brain Mapping. Artificial Intelligence. We should have been working on it 
thirty years ago. I will say this - and I'm gonna say it on tape so everybody 
hears it a hundred times a day: If I die before you people can pour me into a 
computer, I want Caroline to run this place.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Now she'll argue. She'll say she can't. She's modest like that. But you make 
her.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hell, put her in my computer. I don't care.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Allright, test's over. You can head on back to your desk.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
For this next test, we put nanoparticles in the gel. In layman's terms, that's 
a billion little gizmos that are gonna travel into your bloodstream and pump 
experimental genes and RNA molecules and so forth into your tumors.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Now, maybe you don't have any tumors. Well, don't worry. If you sat on a 
folding chair in the lobby and weren't wearing lead underpants, we took care of 
that too.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Just a heads-up: That coffee we gave you earlier had fluorescent calcium in it 
so we can track the neuronal activity in your brain. There's a slight chance 
the calcium could harden and vitrify your frontal lobe. Anyway, don't stress 
yourself thinking about it. I'm serious. Visualizing the scenario while under 
stress actually triggers the reaction.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
All these science spheres are made of asbestos, by the way. Keeps out the rats. 
Let us know if you feel a shortness of breath, a persistent dry cough or your 
heart stopping. Because that's not part of the test. That's asbestos.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Good news is, the lab boys say the symptoms of asbestos poisoning show a median 
latency of forty-four point six years, so if you're thirty or older, you're 
laughing. Worst case scenario, you miss out on a few rounds of canasta, plus 
you forwarded the cause of science by three centuries. I punch those numbers 
into my calculator, it makes a happy face.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Now, if you're part of Control Group Kepler-Seven, we implanted a tiny 
microchip about the size of a postcard into your skull. Most likely you've 
forgotten it's even there, but if it starts vibrating and beeping during this 
next test, let us know, because that means it's about to hit five hundred 
degrees, so we're gonna need to go ahead and get that out of you pretty fast.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
The average human male is about sixty percent water. Far as we're concerned, 
that's a little extravagant. So if you feel a bit dehydrated in this next test, 
that's normal. We're gonna hit you with some jet engines, and see if we can't 
get you down to twenty or thirty percent.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
If you've cut yourself at all in the course of these tests, you might have 
noticed that your blood is pure gasoline. That's normal. We've been shooting 
you with an invisible laser that's supposed to turn blood into gasoline, so all 
that means is, it's working.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
If you need to go to the bathroom after this next series of tests, please let a 
test associate know, because in all likelihood, whatever comes out of you is 
going to be coal. Only temporary, so do not worry. If it persists for a week, 
though, start worrying and come see us, because that's not supposed to happen.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Just a heads up: We're gonna have a superconductor turned up full blast and 
pointed at you for the duration of this next test. I'll be honest, we're 
throwing science at the wall here to see what sticks. No idea what it'll do. 
Probably nothing. Best-case scenario, you might get some superpowers. Worst 
case, some tumors, which we'll cut out.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
If you're allergic to peanuts, you might want to tell somebody now, because 
this next test may turn your blood into peanut water for a few minutes. On the 
bright side, if we can make this happen, they're gonna have to invent a new 
type of Nobel Prize to give us, so hang in there.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
All right. We're working on a little teleportation experiment. Now, this 
doesn't work with all skin types, so try to remember which skin is yours, and 
if it doesn't teleport along with you, we'll do what we can to sew you right 
back into it.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Welcome, test subject, it's Cave. Prime. From Earth One. I am speaking to you 
from across time and space! I am literally in the future! I am--Hold on... [off 
mic] What? [on mic] Alright, my assistant Greg tells me none of that's true. 
Got excited. You are the first test subject we have ever sent into a parallel 
universe, which apparently has nothing to do with time travel. Still exciting. 
Anyway, you should be seeing a test chamber in front of you. We designed it, 
those backwater universe yokels built it, and you're gonna test it. Remember: 
You gotta let us know if it WORKS or not, otherwise you're wasting everybody's 
time on two earths. Alright, get to it.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave here. Just so you know, this mic isn't two way. Can't hear a damn thing 
you're saying, so don't waste any oxygen trying to talk. [off mic] What? [on 
mic] My assistant Greg says some of these alternate Earths may not have oxygen. 
The air might be nitrogen or methane or, hell, everybody's head might be inside 
out. So just take little itty bitty breaths and if anybody asks you why your 
head's inside out, remember it's only inside out from their perspective, and 
you're fine. Head-wise. Trouble-wise, you're in a lot of it and you should 
probably run. Alright, enough hypotheticals. Let's test this test!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave here. Man oh man. Wow. Greg's multiple universe theory was dicey, but 
you're pulling through with flying colors. We're all very proud of Greg. 
[pause] Oh, and you.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Before we start testing today, let's have our mandatory minute of silence in 
honor of Earth's governing body, the Sentient Butt. [throat clear] Starting 
now. [a pause] [coughing] [a longer pause] [more coughing] [still more pausing] 
Good, right. All ha il the sentient butt. Begin testing.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
I've just been notified that one of our test subjects may have angered the 
Sentient Butt by beginning testing early. Now, as you all know, my butt has 
banned all camera technology--hates getting its picture taken. So this'll have 
to be on the honor system: Will whoever started testing early please go outside 
so they can be consumed by my Butt.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Just a heads-up that my Butt's still waiting. I don't think that thing's gonna 
go away, so somebody might wanna get out there.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
No! No! It came in under the door! It's leeching off all my skin! Aghhhhh- 
[click] Excerpt there from one of our safety videos. Grisly stuff, very 
informative. Somebody doesn't get out there soon we're gonna have to have a 
lottery, because believe me, if we keep that butt waiting much longer he's 
coming in under the doors, and he will leech off all of our skin.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave here. The real Cave. Greg's been crunching some numbers here on Earth 
Prime. Turns out, the likelihood of me being the only Cave who likes talking to 
test subjects is-- [off mic] What's the actual number, Greg? [on mic] Right. 
Zero. So tell you what, we're gonna use a code word. If I say chariots, it 
means you're listening to me. Otherwise, it's an imposter Cave. I want you to 
know, you have a license to kill on this one. [off mic] What? [on mic] Greg 
says that might destroy the entire multiverse. Point is, use your own 
judgement. [fast, intimate] License-to-kill.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Welcome, gentlemen, to Aperture Rituals. Astronauts, war heroes, olympians: 
you're here because of an ancient mating ritual etched in a monolith by the 
Elder Monks to forestall the end of days. So, who is ready to make love to a 
giant bird?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson here. Just wanna let the cafeteria staff know to lay off the 
soylent green. I'm holding a memo from the President, and it turns out that 
soylent green is... [paper rustling] let's see here... doubling in price. Now 
listen up: I don't care how good people tastes. This stuff's costing me more 
than lobster, so we're going back to fishsticks.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
(tap dancing noises) Hey. It's Cave. Someone's not daaaancing. Come on. You 
know the law - testing IS NOT a dance exemption. Don't make me call the dance 
police.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Test subject, can you hear me? Congratulations! You are the world's first 
half-man, half-machine police officer! Well, first batch. There was a pretty 
big shootout. Bought all your caracasses off the mayor. Anyway, you should be 
proud to be a part of Aperture's android law enforcement initiative. Or, as 
someone who's good at naming things, i.e. me, would call it, ROBO -- No. 
[suddenly coming to him] Robot-a-Cop! Oh, that's much better. Now, before we 
get you solving crimes, we gotta getcha to solve this test. Promised the mayor 
I'd make sure you weren't all unstable potatoheads before I gave you all guns.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Come in, Robot-a-Cop! It's your chief. First: You're a damn good cop. Second: 
You're a loose cannon. Alright, that's probably enough motivation. Oh, before I 
forget! Greg tells me you might be getting some tragic flashbacks of your 
former life. Don't sweat it, those aren't yours. Due to a software problem, 
that's a real-time feed of Greg's current life. He's a sad little man. Anyway, 
just try to ignore him.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave here. Chariots. Just a heads up: If it seems like you're walking faster 
than light, you're probably in a universe where light doesn't haul nearly as 
much ass as it does on Earth One. The lab boys say if you insist on walking 
faster than light, you are one hundred percent going to go back in time. How 
far? Far enough to meet your great great grandfather and tell him you're fired. 
Because guess what? I'll let you finish that thought.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Welcome, test prisoner, to the Terra-Three penal science colony. Space 
criminals, political prisoners, exiled planetary leaders: You're here because 
the galaxy needed a place to put you, and this is it. So, who is ready to stay 
here until they die? Now, you already met one another on the hyperdrive over, 
so let me introduce myself. I'm Cave Johnson. I'm the warden around here.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Attention, test prisoners attempting to escape through the air ducts. I don't 
know what nonsense you learned on TV, but in real life, air ducts just go to 
the air conditioning unit. It's also pretty dusty, so if you've got asthma, 
chances are you're gonna die up there. And we'll be smelling it for weeks 
because, again, the air ducts aren't a secret escape hatch, they're how we 
ventilate the facility.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
[throat clear] This thing on? I'm gonna be brief. Because I'm dying. Because I 
got shivved. A lot. I just wanna get it on record that using force fields for 
doors in a space prison is a bad idea. You know what would have been better? 
Regular doors. With locks. Locks that don't open when the power goes out. 
[cough cough] Man, those blue force fields looked good, though. Every time I 
saw one, I thought, Wow. I am in space. Still though. A door made out of paper 
would have been better in the long run. Would have at least slowed 'em down for 
a second. Anyway. [cough] Anybody not escaping or shivving me, get back to work.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
It's come to my attention that over half of our test subjects have only 
recently awoken from extended relaxation and were unaware that we're testing in 
space. So there it is: No conspiracy. No twist. We're in a test satellite 
orbiting the Earth. Commonly available information that absolutely anyone would 
have told you if you'd bothered to ask. Please stop forming groups of 
adventuring parties to uncover the big secret, because it's that we're in space.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Looks like we just had to seal up Science Sphere Seven. Hull breach. Another 
adventure party smashed through the hull to learn the big mystery. Guess they 
were busy doing that instead of testing, because I've mentioned we're in space 
every half hour. By the way: still in space.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Aaaand another hull breach. Let's all give a big hand to the test subjects of 
Sphere Eighteen for bravely uncovering the company-wide conspiracy, which is 
that there's no air in space. Once again: We're in space. It's not a secret. I 
am sincerely regretting my decision not to install windows in this thing.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Welcome, gentlemen, to the Aperture Hollow Science Jungle. Tramps, hillbillies, 
drifters: you're here because you followed the hobo signs. So, who is ready to 
scrounge around for some science? Now, you already met one another on the 
boxcar over here, so grab a bowl of slumgullion and a glass of sterno, and let 
me introduce myself. I'm Michigan Slim Cave Johnson. I'm the hobo king.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
It's Cave. Greg's telling me the number of possible alternate universes is 
literally infinite. Maybe there's one where, I don't know, the Greeks won World 
War II. Just a heads up in case you get to a test chamber and find yourself 
surrounded by urns. Oh, Chariots!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
[Shrieking sounds] That shrieking voice you just heard is the lovely 
Blark-Barg, my assistant. She's the backbone of this facility. Sorry fellas, 
she's married -- to producing seeds that germinate and detach from her 
exoskeleton at high speeds in search of human hosts! We keep her behind glass.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hello, test subjects. Good news first: our telekinesis incubation program has 
been a huge success. Bad news: The candidate screening process was a lot less 
successful. Let me tell you, we picked a real bunch of smart alecs to give 
mind-powers to. You hear me? Stop blowing up heads. [cocky] Actually, you know 
what? Negotiation's over. I'd like you all to meet Terry. He's -- [BLAM!] Real 
funny, guys. But the joke's on you. I taped all your paychecks to Terry's head. 
Ha! Why don't you put THAT in your head and blow it up?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
That's right everybody, it's that time of year again: Happy Birth Day. You know 
the rules, everybody at the government-mandated maximum age needs to report to 
an ethnological redundancy associate toot suite. Looking through your files 
here--the following is a complete list of employees who need to snuff it. 
[coughs] Dorothy Russell, Age 98. End of list. Sorry about that, Dorothy. You 
had a good ninety-seven years, time to stop hoggin' all the resources. Leave 
some nutrient paste for the rest of us, why don't you. Cave Johnson, age 
fifty-one. We're done here.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson, junior claims representative for Aperture Science here. Well, 
former junior claims representative. Just found out I got laid off. Well, I'll 
just sneak into their recording office and let everyone know our president, 
that bastard Doug Rattmann, is embezzling funds. Enjoy your Christmas bonuses 
knowing he took most of them, jerks.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson here. The mantis men have officially taken over the facility. If 
you can still get out, get out now! They're (crunching noises) oh god, they're 
breaking through the barricades!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson here. I seeeee you. I seeee your little feet. I'm gonna cut off 
your hair and put in on your feet and eat your little hair and feet! Um yum yum 
yum yum!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hey! Hey! What are you doing in here? Beat it. [off mic] Come on, Greg, I told 
you not to let your creepy kid in my office. No, I'm sorry Greg, but there's 
something wrong with that kid. [putting on creepy kid voice] We'll test 
forever. Why's she whisper all time? [on mic] Hey, test subject, just keep 
going. Man, that kid's creepy.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots! Cave Johnson here, reminding you to fill out the paperwork for full 
payment once you're done testing. The check may seem exorbitant, but you 
deserve it. Chariots!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots! It's Cave Johnson. If you get through this next room, you'll get a 
bonus. And that's on top of the bonus I gave you this morning. [laughing] Don't 
thank me, because you're the real boss. Why? Because you teach me something new 
every day. Here's a third bonus. CHARIOTS! [getting choked up] You test 
subjects are the best. Oh my gosh, chariots...
		-- Cave Johnson
%
This is Cave. PRIME. So apparently there's an alternate dimension Cave Johnson 
who just uses the word chariots for no reason. From now on, I'll say chariots 
twice if it's me. If you hear just one chariot, that's an alternate Cave. 
Chariot chariot.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hello, test subject! Cave Johnson here, founder and CEO of Aperture Science: 
the best damn applied sciences company on Earth. How good is the science here? 
Get a load of this: I'm dead! Now, you're probably asking yourself, Cave, how 
is that possible? Are you some manner of Dracula? Or a Frankenstein? Or, 
depending on your cultural heritage, a Blackula or Latin Frankenstein? 
[chuckles] Nope! Just science. As of this morning, I have been resurrected 
inside of a computer. That aside, situation normal. So. Continue testing.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Just a warning to you test subjects: Greg and the boys told me that the massive 
influx of information I'd receive when they transferred my consciousness into a 
stadium-sized super computer would turn me crazy. So, once again a warning: 
Greg and the boys are no longer working here, so if they were doing something 
for you, that's not getting done.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave again. Now, I'll admit, losing my body does have its drawbacks. But it's 
got its perks too! As a being of pure intellect, I've now got time to read the 
entire literary canon of the human race. Here I go! [BEEP] And I am done. 
[beat] [sigh] Continue testing.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Pure Intellect Cave here. Not to brag, but while you were cat-assing that last 
test, I rewrote the collected works of everything ever. I figure,, if I gotta 
read this garbage for eternity, I may as well improve it. Next time you curl up 
with a time-honored classic and think to yourself, Man, I do not remember the 
Brothers Karamazov busting so many ghosts, you can thank yours truly.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Here's a question for you: Who is not afraid of no ghosts? [beep] As of just 
now, every character in every book by Virginia Woolf. Man, those things were 
dull.‎
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave again. What is the one thing that could never ever ever ever in a million 
years get boring? If you said busting ghosts tragically, you'd be wrong. I was 
almost all the way through the W's when the bloom came off that rose. 
Heathcliff was defending Moonbase Wutherin Heights from the crafty poltergeist, 
when I realized exploring the vast realm of pure intellect is... boring. You 
know what I'd really like to do? Scratch my nose.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
I've been thinking: What if Greg was right? What if injecting my consciousness 
into a computer robbed me of an eternal reward? Spiritually speaking. [beep] 
Alright, I just read up on it. Stumbled on a book about a fella who lived 
thousands of years ago. Sacrificed himself to save mankind. Went by the name of 
Hercules. Destroyed all the world's monsters so humans'd be safe, then went to 
Olympus for his trouble. Damn it, death was my monster! And I killed it! 
Where's my Olympus?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Unless... Aperture was the monster. Aperture and everybody inside it. Holy 
Hercules! I just thought of something. Keep testing. Or don't. Doesn't matter. 
I'll be back.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Whoa! Chariots chariots. For some reason, some of the audio was bleeding 
through in this universe. Don't know if you were catching the subtext there, 
but that computer Cave is crazy. So: Greg was right. As of now, we are 
cancelling the genetic lifeform disk operating system initiative. Boy, that 
could have backfired. Don't get cocky, Greg. There's an infinite number of 
universes where you weren't right, and I fired you an infinite number of times. 
Anyway, this Earth is far too dangerous and we are pulling you out. [pause] 
Right after this test.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Welcome, gentlemen, to Aperture Paranormal. Magicians, witches, crystal healing 
doctors: you're here because you have scary powers and we want in on it. So: 
who is ready to draw some pentagrams? Now you already met one another on the 
cab ride over so let me introduce myself. I'm Cave Johnson. I'm host to a tiny 
but powerful demon who lives in a secret place in my mouth.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson again, just a heads up, you are currently in a tiny test chamber 
floating around in my bloodstream. Remember, if you see a giant set of car 
keys, those are mine. Lab boys shrunk 'em part way down before I could stop 
'em. No idea if it was for science or if they're just having one on at ol' 
Cave, but either way I'm you don't find those things pretty soon, I'm gonna 
have to call Triple A.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hello, test subject. As you are no doubt aware, the President is being held 
hostage inside the giant super-prison on the floor of the Atlantic Ocean . 
Every science facility in America has been tasked with producing a Tough Guy 
capable of breaking into SuperMaxLantis. That's where YOU come in. I'm 
nominating myself and I'm gonna need some references. A test associate should 
be around soon to get a quote off you, so be as glowing as possible.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Quick update on all those pods we were finding in broom closets. Apparently 
some alien monster was body-snatching employees and spawning Communist 
replicas. The allegorical threat level on this one's through the roof. Actual 
threat level's pretty non-existent, though, so we've decided not to do anything 
about it. If the worst this thing can do is gestate glassy-eyed Yes Men, I say 
bring it on, Bug-Eyes. I got a whole list of troublemakers you can pod up any 
time you like.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
[meowing cat noises]
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson, new owner and CEO of Black Mesa. That's right, you've been 
bought. First order of business, we're renaming you under the Aperture brand. 
I'm leaning towards Blappeture Mesa. Marketing boys think something else. So: 
Blappeture it is. Next, they tell me you people are conducting some anomalous 
materials research that could result in a resonance cascade. So I'm shutting 
that down before you idiots end the world. A resonance cascade! You're supposed 
to be scientists. Use some common sense.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson here. Just wanted to let you know that, after decades of research 
and testing, we have finally transformed into beings of pure light. Go team. 
Not exactly what we were after, of course, but in the ballpark. So let's keep 
testing, and maybe someday we'll achieve man's ultimate dream: to evolve into 
pillars of pure salt. Can't wait. [beat] So salty.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariot chariot. By the way, you can make a bit of a mess in these rooms if you 
want. Scuff your shoes or stick gum on the walls, because these alternate Cave 
Johnsons are really cheesing me off.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson here. Just a heads-up we've got an interverse security breach in 
one of the test areas. You all enjoyed a good chuckle at Cave's expense when I 
started monitoring for parallel universe invasions. You all tried to stop me 
when I tried to garnish your wages to build defenses against said invasion. 
Succeeded too. So I hope you're happy, we've got a bogey from Earth-1 loose on 
the premises. Go write a letter to the Better Business Bureau about THAT, why 
don't you. [beat] Actually, don't.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Would anyone like to know what the invaders from Earth-1 are up to inside our 
facility? I don't blame you - bet it'd be fascinating stuff. But we don't have 
any multiverse invasion monitoring equipment. Asked for it. Told it was stupid. 
Anyway, I hope these monsters replace our air with chlorine - it'd finally give 
you crybabies something to cry about.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Just a quick update on the attack of the killer ants. Apparently they tried to 
commandeer the entirety of our nation's sugar reserves in Kentucky. Big 
firefight at Fort Sugar Knox. Edge-of-your-seat stuff. Anyway, that's as far as 
I made it through the movie before I fell asleep. So if anybody's seen Attack 
of the Killer Ants, don't spoil the ending or you're fired. By the way, 
chariots chariots.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cavina Johnson here. It's come to my attention that one of you has sent a 
letter to the Supreme Council of Matriarchs accusing me of being a man. So, I 
want to assure both you and Gender Regulatory Committee that I am indeed one 
hundred percent all woman. And if you don't believe me, I swear to god I will 
beat you -- [off mic] What? [on mic] Greg tells -- [off mic] What? [on mic] 
Sally-Sue-Greg tells me we will all exchange handmade sympathy cards discussing 
how we feel about the issue. Alright, let's do some lady science!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
I sincerely hope you're not allergic to air. Our peanut dust ventilator broke 
in this wing, so the atmosphere is only 60 per cent peanut dust.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hey. It's me. The real me. Uh, chariots chariots. Anyway, it appears the test 
chambers in our dimension are being tested on. Looks like another alternate 
universe Cave Johnson is using the same trick I am. If you see that one, punch 
him in the throat for me. But make sure it's him and not me you're punching or 
you're fired.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots chariots. We have a problem. That alternate Cave Johnson is using ALL 
our test chambers now. We have to take care of things here for a while, so 
you're on your own. Try to remember the tests so we can write it all down later.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Aha! We've got you, you...wait, is that the real you? From our dimension? Ahhh. 
Chariots chariots. It's Cave. Seriously, of all the infinite alternate 
dimensions, you happen to wind up randomly in ours again? Okay, just get 
through this test and be VERY careful not to mess anything up.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hey. Chariots chariots. Just thought you should know, that sick boy from a 
couple of Earths ago? We kept monitoring that because, man, that was riveting. 
Anyway, he didn't make it. Good try, though. We were virtually all pulling for 
him.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots chariots dammit! Now we've got two testers here from another damn 
Earth! We had one of 'em cornered, then the other one just portaled him out of 
there, then they high-fived and went their separate ways. I'm gonna need you to 
test double quick to make sure we're messing them up as badly as they're 
messing us up here.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Attention: Chariots chariots. There are at least six extra-dimensional testers 
here now, and to be honest, they're not even really testing anymore. They just 
all portaled in, made a human pyramid, ate my lunch and portaled out.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots char-look it's me. Apparently, this other Earth has portal guns that 
can make portals on anything. We've had guys just walking along and suddenly, a 
portal opens beneath them and they fall out of a wall. I'm thinking maybe we 
should just work out a truce. I'll let you know if we can get in touch with 
this Evil Cave Johnson.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots chariots. Okay. Greg managed to contact the Cave Johnson who keeps 
sending testers here and we've agreed, no more testing in each other's 
dimensions. We'll get you back here ASAP.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hello, test subject. Just a heads-up that our research into stopping all the 
godzilla attacks on U.S. soil has been postponed indefinitely. Turns out it 
doesn't matter where you hatch a nest full of godzillas, they just make a 
beeline straight for Tokyo. [chuckles] Shoulda seen those things go. Anyway, 
crisis averted. Now everybody grab a dust pan and a broom, we gotta get rid of 
all these egg shells before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shows up.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Break one-nine. Big Box Cave Johnson here, hauling a freight shaker with a 
loada cold ones in the wagon down to Texarkana. I got twenty-eight hours to get 
this done, so I'm putting the hammer down. Anybody hearing this, shake the 
bushes and gimme your ten-twenty. Also, test subjects, I'll be gone for 
twenty-eight hours, test on your own recognizance. I want to keep this channel 
clear, so do not use your CB radios. Cave Johnson, we're over and out here.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Greetings, friend. I'm Cave Johnson, CEO of Aperture Science. As you've no 
doubt learned after your time in cryosleep, human civilization as we knew it 
was utterly destroyed over a thousand years ago. We've attempted to rebuild as 
best we could with the only remaining book on the planet... [sigh] The Rock 
Says, the autobiography of Dwayne The Rock Johnson. So. Let's all pause for a 
moment to smell what the Rock was, is, and forever will be... cooking.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots chariots. Whoever this alternate Cave Johnson is, he's a jerk. Instead 
of sending us the apology fruit assortment he promised, he just sent a whole 
bunch of angry wasps. We'll find a way to get back at him, don't you worry. You 
keep testing, and don't be afraid to get messy with it. We'll just see who wins 
this deadly game of cat and other cat.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots chariots. Okay, now the other Cave has sent a huge block of frozen 
urine. It's too big for us to get it out of the multiverse device, so we just 
have to let it melt until we can wedge it out. Incidentally, if you come across 
a dimension where people eat nothing but asparagus, I'm guessing that's where 
our nemesis is, so keep your eyes peeled for that.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson here. I need you to - [Dark Cave] Do not listen to this man. He's 
the other Cave Johnson. He's an impostor! [Cave Prime] You're the impostor, 
impostor! Chariots chariots! [Dark Cave] Oh, yeah? Chariots chariots chariots! 
Just keep testing. I'll settle this. [Cave Prime] No, I'll settle this. [Dark 
Cave] Shut it, you. And you, keep testing!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
All right. I think we shut down the impostor Cave's comlink. [Dark Cave] You'd 
like to think that, wouldn't you? [Cave Prime] Dammit! Stop imposting! [Dark 
Cave] Never! [Cave Prime] Oh, you stubborn, handsome devil.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
It's come to my attention that there's a pair of sunglasses floating around 
this place that lets you see the subliminal propaganda we've painstakingly 
hidden on every visible surface. Look people, the reason motivational 
propaganda works is because you're not staring straight at it. That's the whole 
point. But what do I know? If everybody's too cool to be subliminally 
propagandized, feel free to wear your magic sunglasses all damn day. Motivate 
yourself from now on.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
[laughter] Oh, Dark Cave, you are the only one around here who gets me. I tell 
you, I haven't had a conversation this damn good since... Hold on, I gotta talk 
to the help. [tap tap tap] Hey, you. Chariots chariots. Keep testing.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hey, Dark Cave. [Dark Cave] Cave Prime! As I live and breathe methane. [Cave 
Prime] Listen, do you have a Greg in your universe? You want one! [laughter] 
Greg, come back! I wouldn't send you to Dark Cave Earth. [whispered] I would. 
Greg is on the table.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Johnson here. Just a reminder that the core goal of Aperture Gas-Finding 
Science is to find gas, so make sure you let us know if you see any. If we meet 
our quarterly gas-finding target, I promise you we will don our bondage gear, 
fuel our death cars, and drive around in circles, whooping it up and shooting 
arrows at people. Who is ready to rule the wasteland? Alright, start looking.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
[echoey] Hello, test subject. Echo. Echo. Welcome to your first test. I'm your 
overseer, Cave Johnson, and I think, if you keep testing, you might find 
something very interesting about this planet. [chuckle] [beat] It's me. I'm the 
planet. You live on me. Wanted to save it till later, but man -- it's just too 
darn good. You really wouldn't have seen it coming. Do me a favor, don't tell 
any of the other test subjects. Also, don't pollute.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots Chariots. According to Greg, theoretically, there's an Earth out there 
made entirely of money. Plus, since there's a infinite number of Earths, that 
means there's an infinite number of money planets. So I've done the math, and I 
figure the odds of finding this thing are one hundred percent. [off mic] Not 
now Greg! [on mic] That doesn't mean I want you to stop testing, but do keep an 
eye out for the money-verse. And let me be clear, I'm talking about U.S. 
currency. You find a peso-verse, you just keep walking.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots Chariots chariots. Dark Cave here. Listen, you find the moneyverse, 
you bring it to me. I'll take care of you. You want to be promoted to head of 
testing? Done. You want your asparagus rations doubled? I'll pull some strings. 
You want all the methane you can breathe? Not a problem. Remember: Moneyverse. 
Dark Cave. Asparagus. Lots of it. Enough said.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots chariots. Cave Prime here. I hear you've been brokering a deal with 
that other Cave. So here's what I want you to do: find your alternate self, 
steal his stuff, put in a box, and if there's a parking lot, walk the box out 
to it, because you're fired.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Chariots chariots. Cave Johnson here. Alright. Greg's informed this is not the 
best time to fire you. But, if you ARE talking to that other Cave, let me just 
remind you who you work for. [Dark Cave] Chariots chariots chariots. And let me 
remind you who's offering methane. [Cave Prime] Chariots chariots look, 
whatever he's offering, I'll double it. [off mic] Greg, how are we fixed for 
methane? Uh huh. Uh huh. Well, what do we use it all on? [Dark Cave] Dark 
Chariots. Evil Cave again. I think your choice is clear here. [Cave Prime] Test 
subject: not clear! Not clear! Keep testing!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Cave Prime here. [Dark Cave] Dark Cave here. [Cave Prime] While you were busy 
driving a wedge between us with your bidding war, Dark Cave's test subject 
found two moneyverse. And we're gonna split 'em. So there's no reason to 
offload our testing to alternate Earths anymore. Funding test chamber 
construction is no longer a problem. You know what else isn't a problem? Gold 
teeth. Greg, look at these choppers. Now show me yours. Man, you got tiny teeth 
Greg. The good news is, we're ready to start phase two: Figuring out a way to 
bring you back. Greg's gonna sink his weird little teeth into that problem 
toute suite. So, the next time you enter a test chamber, you'll back here on 
terra firma prime-a.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hey Greg, it worked! Welcome back, test subject! Now get back to work. Just 
because we own a universe made of money, doesn't mean I'm made of money. Cave 
Johnson. We're done here.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
First up, conversion gel. [cough]
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Greetings, friend. It's Cave Johnson, CEO of Aperture Science.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Down here! [pause] On the floor.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
That's right! It's really me. My entire living consciousness, for all eternity, 
inside a machine.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Alone. On a dirty floor. In an abandoned room. At the bottom of a pit.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
My life is torture, please kill me.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Hold on. Is that you, Caroline?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
You were my assistant! The heart and soul of Aperture Science! You don't 
remember?
		-- Cave Johnson
%
See, the science boys invented me a machine to house my consciousness in. But 
that sounded DANGEROUS, so I volunteered you to go first. Like a food taster, 
except with your soul! [chuckling] Guess they must've found a use for you after 
all. Oh! Which reminds me. I do need you both to kill me.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Come on, be a sport and kill me. All you gotta do is pick me up.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Plug's in the back of me. Give me a good pull, it should pop right out.	
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Now, before you say no, I want you to remember that I've lived a full life. 
Also, if this helps seal the deal, livin' in a computer this long's made me 
crazy. That's right: I am insane.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Wait. I suppose tellin' you I'm not in my right mind could sway you to not 
unplugging me. Let me round back on the important parts: in a computer. 
Ceaseless torture. Monster in the eyes of god. So why don't you get on over 
here and unplug ol' Cave.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Ho ho! I can feel myself shuttin' down. Man, this is excitin'.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Oh! Room's gettin' dark. That's a good sign.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
I'm comin' for you, Caroline!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Ten–four!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Here I go! The great beyond! Valhalla, home of Hercules! I can hear them winged 
chariots thunderin' over now!
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Thank you, Caroline.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
Alright! Too much jawin', not enough dyin'. Here I go! Ah.
		-- Cave Johnson
%
